Version X, Alpha 0.0.0
Things happened, did most of the things and didn't bother to log them
Added Main systems: Engine, Levels and Inventory
Created The main y/n response logic
Created the inventory system
Created the inventory display system
Created the Progresslog.java to store user progress variables
Created Level generation
Created Dungeon generation
Created an idea file
Added Health, a shield, slots.

------------------------------

Version Alpha 0.1.0
Refactored methods to static types
Added Namings.java to facilitate all the names for things
Created Scrapped.java because i want to keep the garbage i create so i could reflect back on it
Integrated the Sleep command which is HUGE

Alpha 0.1.1
Created the main hub logic
Migrated the main function to the Engine from the Levels class
Refactored the Inventory to not use arrays anymore (Why did i think that was a good idea to begin with?!)

Alpha 0.2.0
Added the save system :D HOORAY!!!
Added Langpack.java for potential language changing
Added DEVMODE, which provides additional debug text when turned on, disables sleep.
Added Resting in hubs, which saves progres. Leaving doesn't save anymore.
Split hub method into hublogic and hubintro
Tweaked Hub text prompts.
Tweaked Cadet dungeon pre-hub timings
Added the shop logic
Added the ability to view inventory from hubs
Minor Engine and Inventory code cleanup
Removed the Hublogic do-while loop, as it became obsolete after splitting and creates errors.
Fixed the y/n response to return a proper value;

Alpha 0.2.1
Experimented with Java swing to create a usable program interface.
Tweaked the Y/N response to ask for Y/N
Added more events to LevelGen
Added more progression to the Cadet dungeon.
Tweaked the hublogic to use switch instead of an "if" tree
Fixed the bug when the hub shop called to hub twice

	GUI: Alpha 0.0.2
Added more options
Added the ability to return to the main menu from options

Alpha 0.2.2
Added the Alchemist's abode
Adjusted the hublogic to accomodate Wizard tower and Alchemist's abode
Added a few idea entries
Added a WIP room action

	GUI: Alpha 0.0.3a	2021- 03- 08
Experimented with methods in java swing
	github test
	github test 2
	
Alpha 0.3
Migrated to github
Experimented with command line launch
Adjusted the LevelGen to accomodate events
Added Potions
Added the Room Action function
Added the slot equipping function
Added the item discarding function.

Alpha 0.3.1
Tied the up the game loop. It... it's almost playable now actually.
Converted Idea and VersionLog files to .txt
Tweaked difficulty impact on the dungeon
Added potion durations and tagged their effects
Tweaked the Shop to display current user gold
Tweaked the Shop to go back to the shop after a purchase.
Tweaked the Inventory to display health healed and current health after healing

Alpha 0.3.2
Removed a few unnecessary files
Added bonus stats for devmode
Added a few sleep statements
Tweaked the room action to prompt inventory opening instead of doing it automatically.
Tweaked the slot equipping to prompt replacement immediatelly.
Tidyed up a couple of statements
Fixed the ability to overheal
Fixed the potion script loop
Fixed the potion script reset
Fixed the invalid response loop
Cut a large portion of exess code




